What would I do without your smart mouth?
Drawing me in and you kicking me out.
You got my head spinning, no kidding.
I can't pin you down.
What's going on in that beautiful mind?
I'm on your magical mystery ride.
And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me,
but I'll be all right.
My head's underwater, but I'm breathing fire.
You're crazy and I'm out of my mind.
Because all of me loves all of you.
Love your curves and all your edges.
All your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me.
I'll give my all to you.
You're my end and my beginning.
Even when I lose, I'm winning.
Because I give you all of me.
And you give me all of you.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too.
The world is beating you down.
I'm around through every mood.
You're my downfall.
You're my muse.
My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues.
I can't stop singing.
It's ringing in my head for you.
My head's underwater, but I'm breathing fire.
You're crazy and I'm out of my mind.
Because all of me loves all of you.
Love your curves and all your edges.
All your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me.
I'll give my all to you.
You're my end and my beginning.
Even when I lose, I'm winning.
Because I give you all of me.
And you give me all of you.
Give me all of you.
Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts.
Risking it all though it's hard.
Because all of me loves all of you.
Love your curves and all your edges.
All your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me.
I'll give my all to you.
You're my end and my beginning.
Even when I lose, I'm winning.
Because I give you all of me.
And you give me all of you.
I give you all of me.
Oh.